Improved destructuring with default value assign (#12795)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/functions/default_parameters/index.md

You can use default value assignment with the
{{jsxref("Operators/Destructuring_assignment", "destructuring assignment", "", 1)}}
notation. 

A common way of doing it consist in destructuring and assigning the values, and then assign an empty object/array to that destructured object, e.g:`{ z = 3 } = {}` . 
By doing it this way it is possible to pass an empty array/object to the function and still have those values prefilled:

```js
function preFilledArray([x = 1, y = 2] = []) {
  return x + y;
}

preFilledArray();       // 3
preFilledArray([]);     // 3
preFilledArray([2]);    // 4
preFilledArray([2, 3]); // 5

// Works the same for objects:
function preFilledObject({z = 3} = {}) {
  return z;
}

> preObj();          // 3
> preObj({});        // 3
> preObj({ z: 2 });  // 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preFilledObject();          // 3
preFilledObject({});        // 3
preFilledObject({ z: 2 });  // 2
```

You can use default value assignment with the
{{jsxref("Operators/Destructuring_assignment", "destructuring assignment", "", 1)}}
notation. 

> A common way of doing it consist in destructuring and assigning the values, and then assign an empty object/array to that destructured object, e.g:`{z = 3} = {}` . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common way of doing it consist in destructuring and assigning the values, and then assign an empty object/array to that destructured object, e.g:`{ z = 3 } = {}` . 
```

> A common way of doing it consist in destructuring and assigning the values, and then assign an empty object/array to that destructured object, e.g:`{ z = 3 } = {}` . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common way of doing that is to assign an empty object/array to the destructured object/array, e.g:`{ z = 3 } = {}` . 
```

> By doing it this way it is possible to pass an empty array/object to the function and still have those values prefilled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing it that way, you make it possible to pass an empty array/object to the function and still have those values prefilled:
```

```js

> function preArray([x = 1, y = 2] = []) {
>   return x + y;
> }
> 
> preArray();      // 3
> preArray([]);    // 3
> preArray([2]);   // 4
> preArray([2, 3]); // 5
> 
> 
> // Works the same for Objects:
> function preObj({z = 3} = {}) {
>   return z;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function preFilledArray([x = 1, y = 2] = []) {
  return x + y;
}

preFilledArray();      // 3
preFilledArray([]);    // 3
preFilledArray([2]);   // 4
preFilledArray([2, 3]); // 5

// Works the same for objects:
function preFilledObject({z = 3} = {}) {
  return z;
```
